To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
Physical fitness is the first requisite of happiness. 
To keep the body in good health is a duty…otherwise we shall not be able to keep the mind strong and clear.
The human body has been designed to resist an infinite number of changes and attacks brought about by its environment.
Good health is not something we can buy. However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account.
The cheerful mind perseveres, and the strong mind hews its way through a thousand difficulties.
Keeping your body healthy is an expression of gratitude to the whole cosmos- the trees, the clouds, everything.
Every negative belief weakens the partnership between mind and body.
The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will instruct his patients in care of the human frame, in diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease.
A sad soul can be just as lethal as a germ.
The secret of good health lies in successful adjustment to changing stresses on the body.
Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor.
In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity. What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
The memories we make with our family is everything.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Your limitation it’s only your imagination.Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Sometimes later becomes never so Do it now.  Great things never come from comfort zones.
Dream it, Wish it, Do it.  The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
 Don’t wait for opportunity, Create it.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
 The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles. 
Life will give you whatever experience is most helpful for the evolution of your consciousness.
No one is actually dead until the ripples they cause in the world die away. 
People should not judge failed love affairs as failed experiences, but as part of the growth process. Something does not have to end well for it to have been one of the most valuable experiences of a lifetime.
When love is lost, do not bow your head in sadness; instead keep your head up high and gaze into heaven for that is where your broken heart has been sent to heal.
To love and win is the best thing; to love and lose, the next best.
Holding on is believing that there’s only a past; letting go is knowing that there’s a future.
A broken heart is just the growing pains necessary so that you can love more completely when the real thing comes along.
Some things are just never meant to be, no matter how much we wish they were.

A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.


Everyone needs a house to live in, but a supportive family is what builds a home .
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life. 
Family is the most important thing in the world. When all the dust is settled, and all the crowds are gone, the things that matter are faith, family, and friends. 
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
In every conceivable manner, the family is a link to our past, bridge to our future .



Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it. It is not length of life, but depth of life.
Live your life, do your work, then take your hat. For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live.
Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them. The time which we spent with them can never be lost.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure. People living deeply have no fear of death. 